Ques - How are Antriksh ?

Thank you for asking, I am doing well. 
I am excited to be here today for this Interview and to learn more about the Oppurtunity.

I am doing great thanku you, 
I hope you are having a good day as well.
I am loking forward to our Conversation.
I am excited to be here today for this Interview and to learn more about the Oppurtunity.

Ques- Tell me about self ?

Good morining Sir and Madam,
First of all. Thank you for giving me this oppurinity to introduce my self.
My name is Antriksh Saini. I am from Haridwar. I have completed my bachelor degree in
Electronic and Communication Engineering at GB Pant Insititute of Technology in Pauri.

During my acadmic journey, I developed a strong intrest in software developnement and
web technologgy.

Internship/Experience(3-Month)
------------------------------
In Additional to my degree,
I completed 3 month intership at Hachi Web is a Startup Company in Dehardun. Where I 
worked on Airport Parking Point Project. My role involved desiging and dveloping the
User Interface for parking reservation using technology like Html, CSS, JvaScript,
one Framework Bootstrap. I colaborated with Back-End team. This project gave me expienece
in User Interface Desigin, Responsive web Applicaion and problem solve in a Real time 
World.

Full Stack Course (Paid)
------------------------
 I am also Learning a paid Java Full STack Developnment course, where as I gained hand on 
experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot and Database Technology Oracle (SOL/PLSQL) and 
Github for mantaining the repostories and Linux Operating System and Frontend Technology, 
C language. 

Skill
-----
Through both the Internship and FullStack course. I have develop strong skill in frontend 
technology like html, css, javascript, bootstrap, Backend Technilogy and as well as Java 
and JDBC, SERVLETS, JSP, Spring, Spring Boot and one Database oracle  and Github, and 
Linux Operating System.

Strengh
-------
I am Hard Working, Self motivating person and I have strong Communication skill also

Hobbies
-------
My Hobbies playing Circket and listing music 

Goal 
----
My sort term goal is to get a job in reputed Company and long term goal is to achive a 
good positon in company. Where build career and help the Orgination.

Motivation/Fit for Company
---------------------------
I am Exicited and enthusiasm about the Oppurinity at{Spincotech pvt ltd} because it aligns 
perfectly with my Experience and skill. I have gained . I am eager to apply my Frontend 
and Backend skill to contribute your team.

Lastly
------
And Lastly I am Quick lerner and Belive in learning from my past mistake and experince.

that all about me,
  

Ques Tell me about family?

"I come from a supportive family with my mother, father, and elder sister. My parents 
taught me the values of hard work and compassion, while my sister has been a great role 
model, inspiring me to stay motivated and goal-driven. Their influence has shaped who 
I am today."

Ques - Why to 2 year gay?
--------------------

"Yes, I took a 2-year break from my professional career to focus on managing our family farm. It was a 
valuable experience where I learned about resource management, problem-solving in a dynamic environment, 
and leadership. During that time, I also stayed connected to the industry by taking online courses in 
[specific skills]. Now, I’m fully ready to re-enter the workforce, and I believe the skills I developed 
during my time in farming will help me bring a unique perspective and contribute effectively to this role."
