
Note-Implement toString() in all the BLC classes to print the data of the corresponding objects.
								
Ques-1)
-------
Create a Java (BLC)class named Employee with following attributes:
private String name 
private int age 
private double salary and 
private String department

Implement a parameterised constructor to initialize all the instance variable of Employee.
Implement a copy constructor for the Employee class that takes a Employee object and initialize the new Employee object with the same attributes.

Take a pair of setter and getter method for all the instance variables.
In the Employee class, create a method named raiseSalary(double percentage) that increases the salary of the employee by the specified percentage.

Create a ELC class and create Employee object and sets its attributes. 
Then, use the raiseSalary method to increase the employee's salary by 10%. Create a copy of the Employee object using the copy constructor and print the attributes of both the original and the copy of the Employee objects to confirm that the copy constructor works correctly and that the raiseSalary method did not affect the attributes of the copy of the Employee object.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------												
Ques-2
-------
Create a Java BLC class named Car with following attributes:
 private String brand
 private String model
 private int year and
 private Driver driver

Implement a parameterised constructor to initialise all the instance variable of Car.
Implement one copy constructor for the Car class that takes a Car object and  initialize the new Car object with the same attributes.
Take a pair of setter and getter method for all the instance variables.
In the Car class, create a method named changeDriver(Driver newDriver) that changes the driver of the car to the specified driver.

Create a Driver class and the class should have following attributes:
 private String name and
 private int age 
Implement a parameterised constructor to initialise all the instance variable of Driver.
Take a pair of setter and getter method for all the instance variables.

Create a Main class that creates a Car object and sets its attributes and the attributes of its driver. Then, create a copy of the Car object using the copy constructor and print the attributes of both the original and the copy of the Car objects to confirm that the copy constructor works correctly.
Finally, use the changeDriver() method to change the driver of the original Car object, and print the attributes of both the original and the copy of the Car objects again to confirm that the copy constructor created a deep copy of the Driver object and that the changeDriver method did not affect the driver of the copy of the Car object.
